[link YouTube](https://youtu.be/nWI04ZkkTz8)

Hello, I'm Daria, I'm 22 years old and at the moment I'm a future graduate of the St. Petersburg State University of Telecommunications. Therefore, I have experience with different programming languages, databases such as MySQL, MongoDB and I am quite familiar with UML diagrams and the field of business analytics.
A year ago I became interested in web development. I became so interested that I decided to develop myself and work in this direction. I want to become a front-end developer in the future, so now I'm taking the RS School Front-end course. I also plan to study modern frameworks and libraries such as React.js, Angular and Node.js to develop efficient and modern web applications.
I can say about myself that I am a hardworking person who always strives to achieve its goals. Also, what important is, is that I am a sociable person and have soft skills. My goal is to become a competent specialist in the field of front-end development, constant professional development.
In the past, I took a course from the EPAM company, where I just started learning HTML, CSS and JavaScript. My favorite project in this course was the bookshop. It was necessary to create applications using only JavaScript. At first it was very difficult for me to implement it, but after a few days, this project helped me understand many points in this programming language, so I was very happy. I received the highest score for this project, which I am very proud of. This project helped me in the future to absorb new knowledge much faster and implement other projects.

I would also like to say about my language level. My native language is Russian. At the moment, I am actively studying English, and have reached level B1. In the past, I studied German, which I plan to continue in the future, and I also took an international exam, which confirms my knowledge of this language.